Link to the -Zmir-opt-level proposal (#888)
rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide: src/mir/passes.md

the parts of the MIR, either to search for something or to make small
edits.

### MIR optimization levels

MIR optimizations can come in various levels of readiness. Experimental
optimizations may cause miscompilations, or slow down compile times.

> However, these passes are complex enough to be included in nightly builds
> even in these states, to enable validating them or otherwise gather feedback.

Reviewer: I don't think it's because they're _complex_, it's so they're in-tree and multiple people can work on them at once.
```suggestion
These passes are still included in nightly builds to gather feedback and make it easier to modify the pass.
```

Author: I don't think I wanted to use complex there but I can't remember. Thanks for the suggestions!

To enable working with slow or otherwise experimental optimization passes,
you can specify the `-Z mir-opt-level` debug flag. You can find the

> definitions of the levels [here][1]. If you are developing a MIR pass and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
definitions of the levels in the [compiler MCP]. If you are developing a MIR pass and
```
and the link below updated to use `[compiler MCP]:` instead of [1]:
